# CampaignChain Community Edition License Primer

This is a guide to the CampaignChain Community Edition license.

## Disclaimer

This document has not been written by a lawyer nor is it a legally binding
document. It is supposed to help you broadly understand which open-source
license applies to the CampaignChain Community Edition. You use this information
at your own risk. Nothing in this document is legal advice.

## Various Open Source Licenses

The CampaignChain Community Edition is a distribution that consists of various
components. All components are available under an open-source license approved
by the [Open Source Initiative](https://opensource.org). The  license  agreement
for  each  software component is located in the software component's source code.

## Open Source Code by CampaignChain, Inc.

Those components which are maintained by CampaignChain, Inc. and which are part
of the CampaignChain Community Edition, have been made available under the
[Apache 2.0 license](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

## Symfony Framework License

CampaignChain is based on the [Symfony framework](http://symfony.com) which is
available under the [MIT license](http://symfony.com/doc/current/contributing/code/license.html).

## GPL'ed Software Components

Some of the software components that CampaignChain makes use of are available
under the [GPL license](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/licenses.html#GPL). The
GPL license requires you to make derivative works available under the GPL
license as well.

## How Does it Apply to CampaignChain?

As long as you install CampaignChain without distributing the source code of the
complete installation or making it available to the public, the license of each
software component applies. This means, components which are not GPL'ed code
are subject to their respective license.

The situation changes if you distributed the source code of your installation or
made it available to the public. Then the [GNU General Public License 3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)
would apply to all code.

## Can I Protect My Proprietary Code?

As long as you run a CampaignChain installation on a server, there is no
requirement for you to make your code available under a specific license. This
means that you could develop proprietary code and not share it. You could also
opt to make it available under any open-source license, including but not
limited to the GPL.

For further questions, please contact us: http://www.campaignchain.com/contact.